You this time
What entertainment gossip do you want to smear me with?
Dare to take naked photos of me
meow
Meow what why don't you like meow
I have chased you for many years
Do you know how hard it is for others?
Well, my Lucy.
Hey, hey.
Love you so much you are
The fan who hit me
Uh-huh.
Are you here for the dance, too?
I see you in this dress
I suddenly didn't recognize you
Buttface, you understand
It's normal that his 20 million fans don't recognize him
Excuse me?
He looks so good when he smiles
Who are you?
Don't you know that our Lucie doesn't take pictures of fans?
Yeah, you're going out
Lucy, you mean what you say
You want me to take nude photos?
Don't be afraid of tattoos, I'll find you again
Buttface, my reputation has been destroyed by you
Why do you have to take naked photos of people as soon as you meet?
Why not?
You humans take nude photos of us all the time.
As an emoji?
Can that be the same?
What's the difference between the same nude photos?
owner
You humans are too good at cooking, right?
Zhizhi, why are you here?